If gators used to get items from the debt, what do you think, cities?
That's right.
Cities used to modify dates will to change them.
It's available on all the methods we've just previously seen and to use it, all you need to do is use
the keyword drum roll.
See, NA.
Let's go see some examples again.
I want to start with a blank sheet again because I want you to start coding with me.
I want you to start remembering the syntax.
Let's now look at sic methods.
And again, let's say we've got a birthday variable.
Remember, we have to use a new key word on a date.
And now let's create our own birthday.
Remember, the first argument is the year it says both born in 1985, in January and again, JavaScript
starts at zero six.
Jan is zero not one and let's say is born on the 15th of January, and we can load this chart and you
can see that's exactly what we've got there.
But now say that user made a mistake.
All he wants to go and update is birthday profile because instead of writing 1980, he mistakenly What
a muppet, he wrote 1985.
So user update Thursday.
And this is where we can use six methods and I'm not going to go through them all.
A lot of them, like I did forget, it's going to be too cumbersome and boring for you.
So let's just do one.
Let's just say he wants to update.
His year.
To 1990.
And that's actually changed the year, and they birthday variable to 1990.
Log it off to the screen, I'll prove it to you.
So there we go, it's change from 1995 to 1990, and we've done it using the set method.